README.md, before:

#  🌏 Geoguessr 🌏

This is a python-based remake of Geoguessr aimed at educating users on geography in an immersing way. Learn more about different countries and cultures, and take inspiration for your real-life travels!

## Overview

This game recreates the Geoguessr experience with:
* 10k Google Street View images across all 7 continents
* A point system based on gaussian distributions
* Latitude and longitude conversions with haversine functions
* An interactive world map


## Set-Up

Clone the repository by running the following command in the terminal:

```
git@github.com:olincollege/geoguessr.git
```

Navigate into the directory:

```
cd geoguessr/
```

Install the required dependencies:

```
pip install requirements.txt
```

Run the game and enjoy!

```
python main.py
```

 
## Testing
Test our game function and logic by running `pytest` at the root of the repo. 


## Contributors
The contributors for this project are Esther Aduamah and Irene Hong. Geoguessr was a culminating project for our Intro to Python course to demonstrate our implementation of an MVC architecture with an interactive activity. 

***DISCLAIMER: This is project is not affiliated or endorsed by Gemini. We do not take ownership of any assets from the original Geoguessr game.***

Commit message:

Added another step to download kaggle dataset in README

README.md, after:

#  🌏 Geoguessr 🌏

This is a python-based remake of Geoguessr aimed at educating users on geography in an immersing way. Learn more about different countries and cultures, and take inspiration for your real-life travels!

## Overview

This game recreates the Geoguessr experience with:
* 10k Google Street View images across all 7 continents
* A point system based on gaussian distributions
* Latitude and longitude conversions with haversine functions
* An interactive world map


## Set-Up

1. Clone the repository by running the following command in the terminal:

    ```
    git@github.com:olincollege/geoguessr.git
    ```

2. Navigate into the directory:

    ```
    cd geoguessr/
    ```

3. Install the required dependencies:

    ```
    pip install requirements.txt
    ```

4. Download the kaggle dataset from the link `https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/paulchambaz/google-street-view?resource=download`. Extract the zip file into the root of this repo.

5. Run the game and enjoy!

    ```
    python main.py
    ```

 
## Testing
Test our game function and logic by running `pytest` at the root of the repo. 


## Contributors
The contributors for this project are Esther Aduamah and Irene Hong. Geoguessr was a culminating project for our Intro to Python course to demonstrate our implementation of an MVC architecture with an interactive activity. 

***DISCLAIMER: This is project is not affiliated or endorsed by Gemini. We do not take ownership of any assets from the original Geoguessr game.***
